we are in the year 2070
I just turned 50
but my appearance is someone of 85
I have
serious kidney problems why type
very little water
I think that we have left
Little time
there are nine people plus 10
in this society
I remember when I was five years old
everything was very different
there were many trees in the parks
the houses had beautiful gardens
and I could enjoy a bathing or half-low showering by
one hour
now we use towels moistened in mineral oil to clean the skin
before
all those women showed
her beautiful hair
of the heathen women at the head to keep it clean without being water
before the figures of fao the car with the water that came from a lie
children do not believe that water was used that way
I remember there were many announcements that said
take care of the water
just that nobody dexia cases
they thought that the water could never be finished
now
all rivers
dams
lagoons and aquifers is the sense of seeing simply contaminated
or exhausted
immense constituent deserts and countries and that not only day by
everywhere
Gastrointestinal infections skin diseases and pathways
urinary tract are the main causes of death
the industry is paralyzed
and unemployment
We are here with
the desalination factories are the main source of employment
and who pay
with a drinking water
instead of salary
Assaults by a water can are common in deserted streets
food
sport 60% synthetic
before the amount of water indicated as ideal for drinking
has a lot to its customers per day
for an adult
I can only lose
half a step
the clothes are disposable
what increases the amount of garbage
we had to go back to the blind wells or cameras effective as the last century
because sewer networks can not be used due to lack of water
the appearance of the population
handcuffed
bodies that died
wrinkled on one side dehydration
neighbors of elche make your skin
by the Uruguayan ultraviolet quintín in the ozone layer that filtered them in
the atmosphere
all the senses of the skin a young woman of 20 years
as if he had 40
Scientists investigate
there is no possible solution
you can not make water
the demanded also this gained by lack of trees what diminished the
intelligence quotient
of the new generations
the morphology of the mallet feet was altered from many individuals
due
there are many guys with inadequacies mutations inci the training is
government
He even charged us for the air we breathe
137 cubic meters per day per inhabitant and adult
there are people who can not pay that withdrawal from the ventilated areas are
equipped with gigantic mechanical lungs that work with energy
solar
They are not of good quality
but you can breathe
the average age
this 35 years
in some countries there were patches of vegetation with their respective video
which is heavily guarded by the army
if it were a very coveted treasure
more than gold the diamonds
here instead
there's no trees
because almost
never rain
and when there is a rainfall
this club and so be it
when my daughter asks me to speak to her when I was young
I write how beautiful in the woods
She asks me
why did the water end
So I feel a lump in the throat
I can not stop feeling
guilty
because I belong to the generation that ended up destroying the environment
or we just do not take into account
so many notices
now
our children pay a high price
I sincerely believe that life on earth
It will not be possible in very little time
because the destruction of the environment
I arrive
to an irreversible point
How would I like to go back
stillness humanity
understood this
when everything was done we could do something
to save
our planet
today
min
my idea was true
Canada
min
one was the winner
one to one
like now
for it
now havana
to win
everyone acts was something
but now
in them it adapts to an era 3 mercy
one to one
nothing
like now